---
layout: post
title: "Homework 9"
date:  Thursday, October 31 2019
---

### Due Tuesday, November 5 at 11:59 pm on Gradescope. 

There are approximately 4 weeks left for you to work on your projects. The remaining assignments will be light and mostly focus on language and Angela Friederici's book. Please take the time to work on your projects!

1. (10 pts) Read Chapter 3 of Angela Friederici's book [Language Functions in the Brain: From Auditory Input to Sentence Comprehension](https://mitpress.universitypressscholarship.com/view/10.7551/mitpress/9780262036924.001.0001/upso-9780262036924-chapter-002) (available via [CLIO](https://clio.columbia.edu/quicksearch?q=Language+in+Our+Brain%3A+The+Origins+of+a+Uniquely+Human+Capacity&commit=Search)) pp. 101-120. Write a few paragraphs about topics you find interesting. Include 2 questions about the reading for class discussion.

2. (5 pts) Please reach out to Dan, Jacob or Christos to schedule a time to individually discuss your project in the next week or two. You will be expected to check in with us atleast 2-3 times during the course of the project. Projects dealing with language should reach out to Dan, and projects dealing with biophysical models/networks or RL should reach out to Jacob. Projects adjacent to Christos's research/expertise should reach out to him or Dan.

3. If you would like to submit an updated version of you project proposal (even if we do not give you feedback right away), please feel free to do so by Tuesday

------------------------

If you haven't seen this already, lecture slides with references to many papers can be found here on the [Resources page](/resources.md). 
 
 Here is a rough schedule for the coming weeks:


* November 6 (Lecture 10)
    * [Mike Collins](http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~mcollins/) guest lecture
    * **Final Project proposal** write up due Tuesday November 5

* November 13 (Lecture 11)


* November 20 (Lecture 12)
    * **First draft** of project due Tuesday November 19
    * Preliminary project presentations (voluntary) Wednesday November 20
    
* _November 27 - Thanksgiving Eve_ (No Lecture)

* December 4 (Lecture 13)
    * Project Presentations
    
* December 9 (last day of classes)
    * **Final draft** of project due
