---
layout: post
title: "Homework 4"
date:  Wednesday, September 25 2019
---


### Due Tuesday, October 1 at 11:59 pm on Gradescope. 


The purpose of this assignment is to build an intuition for how complicated a single neuron can be, and to ultimately appreciate the level of abstraction that we use in neural nets:

#### BACKGROUND

1. (10 pts) Watch this lecture on biophysical models of neurons ["Biophysics of Computation I" by Bartlett Mel](https://simons.berkeley.edu/talks/mel-biophysics-i). Summarize what you find interesting in **1-2 paragraphs (no more)**. Feel free to include the following topics:
    1. How does Mel categorize the space of neuron models (e.g. at 13:00)?
    2. What are the pros and cons of firing rate versus spiking models?
    3. What is the Marr-Albus theory of the cerebellum?
    4. What is cable theory as applied to neuronal modeling? What are some pros and cons?
    5. What is the big deal with NMDA channels/spikes (at 35:00)?
    6. What are some implications of the 2-layer model (at 52:00) for artificial NN modeling?

2. (10 pts) As background, read/skim [Chapter 5 of "Theoretical Neuroscience"](https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/columbia/detail.action?docID=3338869) (accessible via [CLIO](https://clio.columbia.edu/quicksearch?q=theoretical+neuroscience+abbott&commit=Search)) with a focus on sections 5.5 "Voltage Dependent Conductances" and 5.6 "The Hodgkin-Huxley Model." Summarize/explain the Hodgkin Huxley equations in a way that complements your simulation below. Include descriptions of the following:
    1. What is a neuronal membrane potential, and what determines its value?
    2. What is the resting potential? What is the reversal potential?
    3. What is the general equation governing membrane potential for a single compartment model?
    4. What are voltage-dependent conductances? What are m, n and h?
    5. What are the Hodgkin-Huxley equations? Type them out and describe the components (hint - there are 4 equations).
    6. Rewrite the H-H equations in a form amenable to numerical integration
    7. What are some assumptions of the H-H model? What are the pros and cons?

#### SIMULATION

_It is hard to gain an appreciation for this model without simulating it. Simulate this model with the following parameters and include plots and your code in your write up. Be careful to use the numerical simulation update rules articulated in Appendix 5.11 in "Theoretical Neuroscience." Another helpful resource re simulation is ["Mathematics for Neuroscientists" by Gabbiani, Section 4.3](https://www-sciencedirect-com.ezproxy.cul.columbia.edu/book/9780128018958/mathematics-for-neuroscientists). Python or MATLAB are preferred._

3. (10 pts) Build a Hodgkin-Huxley model neuron by numerically integrating the equations for V, m, h, and n given in chapter 5 (see, in particular equations 5.6, 5.17–5.19, 5.22, 5.24, and 5.25). Take cm = 10 nF/mm^2 , and as initial values take: V = -65 mV, m = 0.0529, h = 0.5961, and n = 0.3177. Use an integration time step of 0.1 ms. Make sure g_L, g_Ka and g_Na are in microS/mm^2, not mS/mm^2!!
     1. Use an external current with Ie/A = 200 nA/mm^2 and plot V, m, h, and n as functions of time for a suitable interval.        
     2. Plot the firing rate of the model as a function of Ie/A over the range from 0 to 500 nA/mm^2 . Show that the firing rate jumps discontinuously from zero to a finite value when the current passes through the minimum value required to produce sustained firing. 
     
     3. Finally, apply a pulse of negative current with Ie/A = -50 nA/mm^2 for 5 ms followed by Ie/A = 0 and show what happens. Why does this happen?

4. (5 pts) What are two discussion points/questions that you have? (We will choose some of these to discuss in class)

5. (5 pts) Please submit a few sentences brainstorming your thoughts for a potential project. Feel free to reference any of the papers from lectures or from the homeworks. Be prepared to discuss in class

Submit a (preferably LaTeX formatted) summary to [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com/courses/61715).

Thanks, and enjoy!


----------

Some fun articles about the dangers of large-scale neuronal simulation like "The Human Brain Project":

* [(The Atlantic) "The Human Brain Project Hasn’t Lived Up to Its Promise"](https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2019/07/ten-years-human-brain-project-simulation-markram-ted-talk/594493/)
* [(Nautilus) The Big Problem With “Big Science” Ventures—Like the Human Brain Project](http://nautil.us/blog/the-big-problem-with-big-science-ventureslike-the-human-brain-project)


