---
layout: post
title: "Homework 8"
date:  Wednesday, October 23 2019
---

### Due Tuesday, October 29 at 11:59 pm on Gradescope. 

PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS ASSIGNMENT IS STILL BEING FINALIZED

There are approximately 5 weeks left for you to work on your projects. The remaining assignments will be light and mostly focus on language and Angela Friederici's book.

1. (10 pts) Read the rest of Chapter 1 (Sections 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 and 1.9) and read the entirety of Chapter 2 (pp. 86-100) in Angela Friederici's book [Language Functions in the Brain: From Auditory Input to Sentence Comprehension](https://mitpress.universitypressscholarship.com/view/10.7551/mitpress/9780262036924.001.0001/upso-9780262036924-chapter-002) (available via [CLIO](https://clio.columbia.edu/quicksearch?q=Language+in+Our+Brain%3A+The+Origins+of+a+Uniquely+Human+Capacity&commit=Search)).  Feel free to skim section 1.8 on prosody. Write a few paragraphs about topics you find interesting. Include 2 questions about the reading for class discussion.

2. (30 pts) Please submit a 1-2 page project proposal. Clearly state your research question(s) and explain how you plan to approach/tackle them. Cite atleast 2-3 relevant sources directly related to your project. Groups should submit their proposals individually. As stated in the general course page, the final project and presentation should consist of one of the following:

   * **Literature Review**: write a thorough ~10 page review of a topic relevant to computation and the brain not directly discussed in class

   * **Programming-based Project**: Implement some interesting form of computation the brain may perform and see what conclusions you can draw from simulations. Alternatively, you can use real brain-related data and analyze it with computational techniques. 

   * **Theoretical Research Project**: Attempt to formalize with mathematics some interesting mechanisms the brain may implement. 

   See [Rob Schapire's advice](http://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/spring14/cos511/project.html) (more specialized for theoretical machine learning) on projects for some good tips. 
   
   Finally, please reach out to Dan, Jacob or Christos to schedule a time to individually discuss your project in the next week or two. You will be expected to check in with us atleast 2-3 times during the course of the project. Projects dealing with language should reach out to Dan, and projects dealing with biophysical models/networks or RL should reach out to Jacob. Projects adjacent to Christos's research/expertise should reach out to him or Dan.

------------------------

If you haven't seen this already, lecture slides with references to many papers can be found here on the [Resources page](/resources.md). 
 
 Here is a rough schedule for the coming weeks:

* November 6 (Lecture 9)
    * Dan Mitropolsky presentation on language
    * **Project proposal** write up due

* November 13 (Lecture 10)
    * [Mike Collins](http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~mcollins/) guest lecture

* November 20 (Lecture 11)
    * **First draft** of project due Tuesday November 19
    * Preliminary project presentations (voluntary)
    
* _November 27 - Thanksgiving Eve_ (No Lecture)

* December 4 (Lecture 12)
    * Project Presentations
    
* December 9 (last day of classes)
    * **Final draft** of project due
