---
layout: post
title: "Homework 11"
date:  Wednesday, November 13 2019
---

### Due Tuesday, November 19 at 11:59 pm on Gradescope. 

There are approximately 2-3 weeks left for you to work on your projects. Please take the time to work on your projects!

1. (10 pts) Read [Sex as an Algorithm: The Theory of Evolution Under the Lens of Computation](https://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2016/11/209128-sex-as-an-algorithm/fulltext) by Livnat and Papadimitriou. Write a few paragraphs summarizing what you found interesting. 
    * Example question: how might some of this material be related to the brain?

3. (5 pts) Read the [Darwin-Wallace paper (1858)](http://www.indiana.edu/~koertge/H205c/index.php) (it is short) and write a paragraph relating this to the issues discussed in the Papadimitriou article above.
    * Here is an (optional) Wired article that gives some context to these papers: [July 1, 1858: Darwin and Wallace Shift the Paradigm](https://www.wired.com/2011/07/0701darwin-wallace-linnaean-society-london/)

4. (5 pts) Submit two discussion questions on any topic of your choice =)

5. (40 pts) Submit a FIRST DRAFT of your project. This can either be:
    * A **draft of your paper** that is significantly updated from your project proposal
    * OR a **github repo** with a clear explanation (atleast a paragraph or two) of what you did, what code you wrote, and how it fits into the project. (You can add this to your poject proposal).
    
    
    
    
------------------------


**PROJECT PRESENTATIONS** (December 4)
Please prepare a ~10 minute presentation on your project. Be sure to motivate your project with a connection to the brain and computation and material from the course.
    

**FINAL PROJECT DRAFT** (December 9)
Please note that your final project is due on December 9 (the last day of classes). If you are writing a review paper, please write 8-10 pages (single spaced) with clear motivations/questions that are addressed in the body of the paper (and clear connections between the brain and computation). If you are doing a coding project, please submit a well-organized github repo and a short write up of what you did, what worked, and what didn't work (this can be an expanded version of your project proposal). Make sure to make some well explained connnection to the brain and computation.


 
 Here are some important dates:

* November 19
    * **First draft of project** or **github repo of project with clear explanation of what you did** due Tuesday November 19

* November 20 (Lecture 12)
    * Preliminary project presentations (voluntary) Wednesday November 20
    * Guest lecture (Mike Collins?)
    
* _November 27 - Thanksgiving Eve_ (No Lecture)

* December 4 (Lecture 13)
    * Final Project Presentations
    
* December 9 (last day of classes)
    * **Final draft** with **github repo (if applicable)** of project due
