---
layout: post
title: "Homework 7"
date:  Wednesday, October 16 2019
---

### Due Tuesday, October 22 at 11:59 pm on Gradescope. 

The purpose of this homework is to reinforce the material on reinforcement learning discussed in class, as well as delve into more details on 

1. (10 pts) Watch this lecture by Matt Botvinick from DeepMind ["The prefrontal cortex as a meta-reinforcement learning system"](https://simons.berkeley.edu/talks/matthew-botvinick-4-16-18). Write a few paragraphs summarizing what you found interesting. Feel free to organize it along the lines of the subsections:
    1. A Cognitive Model of Auditory Language Comprehension
    2. 1.2 Acoustic-Phonological Processes
    3.From Word Form to Syntactic and Lexical-Semantic Information
    4. Initial Phrase Structure Building
    5. Syntactic Relations during Sentence Processing
    6. Processing Semantic Relations
    7. Thematic Role Assignment: Semantic and Syntactic Features
    8. Processing Prosodic Information
    1.9 Functional Neuroanatomy of Language Comprehension

2. (10 pts) Read Chapter 1 of Angela Friederici's book [Language Functions in the Brain: From Auditory Input to Sentence Comprehension](https://mitpress.universitypressscholarship.com/view/10.7551/mitpress/9780262036924.001.0001/upso-9780262036924-chapter-002). Note that this is quite long (the equivalent of pages 18-84), so please plan accordingly. Write a few paragraphs about topics you found interesting.

3. TBD - Possible math related reinforcement learning problem

4. (5 pts) Submit 2 discussion questions related to the above material. These will be discussed in class.

5. (5 pts) Please prepare a 1-minute project pitch to present in class (no need to submit in writing).

Submit a summary to [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com/courses/61715).

Thanks, and enjoy!
