---
layout: post
title: "Homework 12"
date:  Wednesday, November 20 2019
---

### Due Tuesday, November 26, 11:59 PM


1. (10 pts) As a nice follow up to Michael Collin's lecture, read the following paper: [Finding Syntax in Human Encephalography with Beam Search](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1806.04127.pdf) (Hale et al. 2018). This paper finds that a specific type of RNN based synactic neural language model called "RNN Grammars" (or RNNGs) has certain properties that are similar to human syntactic processing. They suggest that this is a "mechanistic model of the syntactic processing that occurs during normal human language comprehension." Write 1-2 paragraphs about this paper. Some example prompts:
    * What do you/don't you like about this paper?
    * Are you convinced of their claims?
    
2. (5 pts) Please answer the following questions in a few sentences:
    * What did you enjoy about this class?
    * What are some suggested improvements?
    
Work on your projects! And enjoy Thanksgiving =)

------------------------
 Here are some important dates:

* _Wednesday, November 27 - Thanksgiving Eve_ (No Lecture)

* Wednesday, December 4 (Lecture 13)
    * Final Project Presentations
    
* Monday, December 9 (last day of classes)
    * **Final draft** with **github repo (if applicable)** of project due

**PROJECT PRESENTATIONS** (December 4)

Please prepare a ~10 minute presentation on your project. Be sure to motivate your presentation with a connection to the brain and computation and material from the course.
    

**FINAL PROJECT DRAFT** (December 9)

Please note that your final project is due on December 9 (the last day of classes). If you are writing a review paper, please write 8-10 pages (single spaced) with clear motivations/questions that are addressed in the body of the paper (and clear connections between the brain and computation). If you are doing a coding project, please submit a well-organized github repo and a short write up of what you did, what worked, and what didn't work (this can be an expanded version of your project proposal). Make sure to make some well explained connection to the brain and computation.


 

